It's Lee.
Ha-ha!
I was genuinely invited to Harry
and Meghan's wedding today,
but I said no, because
I had to come here and do this.
David's team.
Why were you invited?
Well, that, David,
is as much of a shock to me
as it is to you. I'm on the telly.
Do you know, for example,
Prince Harry?
Or Meghan Markle? Well...
I've met Prince Harry
and he was very nice and he did say
that he was a fan of this show.
So he's definitely seen me,
because I'm on this show.
If this is true,
it's a bit of a blow to me
and Rob, because...
Well, this is...
Well, I wasn't invited.
Maybe Rob was as well...
I really can't say.
I think we know if Rob was invited,
he would be able to say.
LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE
Well, this is interesting,
because I want to know
if you were invited,
because as soon as I got the invite,
I've met Prince Harry and I know
he's a fan of the show
so I immediately assumed that you
two had been invited as well.
So I went to phone you, and I phoned
you first and I put the phone down.
Because I didn't want to ask in
case you hadn't been invited.
I thought it wouldn't
be a good idea...
It would be a horrible thing
to let slip, wouldn't it? Yes.
It would be a horrible thing to do
to someone under any circumstances,
even if it wasn't in public.
So you think he's going, "OK,
George Clooney, David Beckham,
"Oprah Winfrey, Lee."
They didn't even know my surname!
I should point out to people
watching at home that it is
the Royal Wedding day today.
As we record this,
it happened today, didn't it?
And it was a lovely wedding as well.
It brought people
together, didn't it?
And you know what I'm glad about?
I'm glad he wasn't there.
Yes. That would have spoiled it for
me.
Oh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!
Did it come through the post?
It went through my agent.
So it's more like a booking.
Were they expecting you to do some
of your silly humour or something?
Did you have a plus one as well?
Yes, I did.
And so your wife was happy
for you to come and do this instead
of going to the Royal Wedding?
Well, actually, my wife...
My wife couldn't go anyway.
So that was the other
problem as well.
And then I thought,
well, "Who would I take?"
And I did actually think of
one of you two, and I thought,
"That's going to be more awkward."
So... But then I thought, "Maybe
it's not awkward if David's
"been invited," as I suspected,
"and Rob hasn't. I'll take Rob."
Then we're all going.
There was a lot of social etiquette,
I was all... I was a mess.
That is the other question,
why didn't...
Because the wedding finished...
This is the irritating thing.
..at about one.
Yes. And then there was a lunch.
I got the invite that said
the wedding is going
to be at 12 o'clock.
And I thought, in my head,
no-one would say 12 o'clock meaning
that's when the wedding is.
That would mean, you know,
you turn up at 12 o'clock and then
you go through all the rigmarole
of security, blah-blah-blah.
And, actually, the wedding
will be at about two.
Then you've got the actual ceremony,
then you've got the meal,
I wasn't going to get here...
It's like when you buy
theatre tickets, the time
is just when they think
you should leave home.
Lads, I appreciate you're angry.
Yeah. Very angry.
I did... I don't...
I didn't write the invites.
Very angry and very hurt
and very bruised,
whether this is true or not.
That's the terrible thing,
because my thought processes
have gone down the lines
of it being true, and it feels
like I've been through it
emotionally, even if I haven't.
OK, time to decide. OK, well...
I mean, I think it's...
I'd love it to be true,
but I think it's unlikely.
I wouldn't. This has been...
This has been one of the most
psychologically damaging thought
experiments I've ever gone through.
And, so, I couldn't...
I don't think I could pronounce
the words "I think this is true."
Oh, I just did...
You think it's true?
Are we going to say lie?
I think lie.
Lie, we're going to say lie.
I've a horrible feeling
in the pit of my stomach...
that it's true.
It's like waiting with a
specialist for a result.
Yeah.
Ironically, if this is true,
when that moment comes for both
of us, it'll just be a mercy.
APPLAUSE
So, Lee, tell us.
They think it's a lie.
I pray it's a lie.
It is in fact...
true.
AUDIENCE GASPS
Terrible.
Well, I hope that's the last
question of the evening.
How did you keep that a secret?
Thank you for watching...
That's it.
I mean, thank you for watching.
Oh, actually, there's something
else as well.
Sorry, I've got to tell you this as
well, which is quite important.
This is a true story as well.
I was lying.
GASPING AND APPLAUSE
Look at the smile
on his little face!
Look at the little happy face!
You're OK, it's all right,
all right.
Yes, praise be, it was a lie!
Of course it was a lie.
Lee wasn't invited,
of course he wasn't,
to Harry and Meghan's wedding.
Do you know what I think?
I think the producers of this show
are just trying to turn us against
each other.
They're doing a good job!
BUZZER